[WIP] OBSDOCS-63: Update info re supported Alertmanager configurations (#79966)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-configuring-how-alertmanager-sends-notifications-for-default-platform-alerts.adoc

// * observability/monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-how-alertmanager-sends-notifications-for-default-platform-alerts_{context}"]
= Configuring how the Alertmanager sends notifications for default platform alerts

> You can customize how the default platform instance of Alertmanager sends notifications by overwriting the default Alertmanager configuration. You can achieve this by editing the `alertmanager-main` secret in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the default platform instance of Alertmanager to send notifications by overwriting the default Alertmanager configuration. You can achieve this by editing the `alertmanager-main` secret in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace.
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
global:
  resolve_timeout: 5m
route:
  group_wait: 30s #<1>
  group_interval: 5m #<2>
  repeat_interval: 12h #<3>
  receiver: default
  routes:
  - matchers:
    - "alertname=Watchdog"
    repeat_interval: 2m
    receiver: watchdog
  - matchers:
    - "service=<your_service>" #<4>
    routes:
    - matchers:
      - <your_matching_rules> #<5>
      receiver: <receiver> #<6>
receivers:
- name: default
- name: watchdog
- name: <receiver>
  <receiver_configuration> #<7>
----
<1> Specify how long Alertmanager waits while collecting initial alerts for a group of alerts before sending a notification.
<2> Specify how much time must elapse before Alertmanager sends a notification about new alerts added to a group of alerts for which an initial notification was already sent.
<3> Specify the minimum amount of time that must pass before an alert notification is repeated.
If you want a notification to repeat at each group interval, set the `repeat_interval` value to less than the `group_interval` value.
However, the repeated notification can still be delayed, for example, when certain Alertmanager pods are restarted or rescheduled.

> <4> Specify the service that fires the alerts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Specify the matchers that the alert's labels should match.
```
according to
```
$ oc explain alertmanagerconfig.spec.route.matchers
GROUP:      monitoring.coreos.com
KIND:       AlertmanagerConfig
VERSION:    v1beta1

FIELD: matchers <[]Object>

DESCRIPTION:
    List of matchers that the alert's labels should match. For the first
    level route, the operator removes any existing equality and regexp
    matcher on the `namespace` label and adds a `namespace: <object
    namespace>` matcher.
    Matcher defines how to match on alert's labels.
    
FIELDS:
  matchType	<string>
  enum: !=, =, =~, !~
    Match operator, one of `=` (equal to), `!=` (not equal to), `=~` (regex
    match) or `!~` (not regex match).
    Negative operators (`!=` and `!~`) require Alertmanager >= v0.22.0.

  name	<string> -required-
    Label to match.

  value	<string>
    Label value to match.
```

> <5> Specify the target alerts.

Reviewer: same usage as https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/79966/files#r1706443571
